worksheet 7
SQL

1. option a,b
2. option b,c
3. option c
4. option c
5. option c
6. option c
7. option c
8. option b
9. option b
10. option a

11.
A JOIN clause is used to combine rows from two or more tables, 
based on a related column between them.
SQL join statements allow us to access information from two or more tables at once. They also keep our database normalized. 
Normalization allows us to keep data redundancy low so that we can decrease the amount of data anomalies in our application when we delete or update a record.

12.
Different Types of SQL JOINs
Here are the different types of the JOINs in SQL:
(INNER) JOIN: Returns records that have matching values in both tables
LEFT (OUTER) JOIN: Returns all records from the left table, and the matched records from the right table
RIGHT (OUTER) JOIN: Returns all records from the right table, and the matched records from the left table
FULL (OUTER) JOIN: Returns all records when there is a match in either left or right table

13.
SQL SERVER is a relational database management system (RDBMS) developed by Microsoft. 
It is primarily designed and developed to compete with MySQL and Oracle database.
SQL Server supports ANSI SQL, which is the standard SQL (Structured Query Language) language. However, 
SQL Server comes with its own implementation of the SQL language, T-SQL (Transact-SQL).

14.
The PRIMARY KEY constraint uniquely identifies each record in a table. Primary keys must contain UNIQUE values, and cannot contain NULL values. 
A table can have only ONE primary key; and in the table, this primary key can consist of single or multiple columns (fields).

15.
ETL stands for Extract, Transform and Load, which is a process used to collect data from various sources, 
transform the data depending on business rules/needs and load the data into a destination database. 
The need to use ETL arises from the fact that in modern computing business data resides in multiple locations and in many incompatible formats. 
For example business data might be stored on the file system in various formats (Word docs, PDF, spreadsheets, plain text, etc), or can be stored as email files, 
or can be kept in a various database servers like MS SQL Server, Oracle and MySQL for example. Handling all this business information efficiently is a great challenge and ETL plays an important role in solving this problem.
